Now that we have completed the demonstration, we can actually remove our setup and for doing that,
what we can do is we can go to our work station.
And but before that, let's take a look at the cluster.
It seems like autorizacion service boards.
They are decreasing because there is no load.
And arrest, all of the system is running as it is, let's refresh this.
OK, the system is running right now, and we no longer need this, so what we are going to do is we
are going to delete this system.
So I'm going to show you how we can delete this system so that we can again use cube deploy script.
And here we can choose all configuration because we need to delete all of them and it will delete them
in the reverse order of it in reverse order in which it created it.
So it is deleting it.
First, it is deleted.
All the horizontal bar are those killer is deleting parts and libraries.
It will go and delete the entire cluster.
Once you are ready to bring down your lifestyle, tell you can issue this command, and the other thing
that you need to do after this is your volumes don't assets.
And here you sit, delete.
So that's the last command that you'll have to execute, and this will also delete your persistent volumes
that we have created.
Okay, so we can look at this cluster right now because the workloads, what's happening over here?
So it is removing it vis a vis inventory, some sort of service products or whose parts they are going
down.
And if you look at services.
The number of services have reduced, and schoolbag said it is removing Yeager report right now.
You can wait a bit.
Now, very few services are left.
And very few workloads that have a meaning right now.
Seems like that also got deleted.
OK, so after this, the only thing left for us is volumes delayed.
So this will delete the space that it would have resolved or not.
Cluster node So this will logically delete the entire deployment.
Now we have even lost the data files that got created on US norms.
OK.
So that's the last thing that we can do is the cluster that we have.
We can delete the cluster also.
So this should delete everything that we created for our demonstration.